at any proper workout begins with a
warm-up slowly turn your head to the
side as far as you can and hold it there
for five seconds do three reps on each
side for the next one sit down or stand
up I don't care whatever you choose keep
your back straight it's time to revise
your vowels pronounce the sounds I Oh
e and a and make them really long keep
doing it until you feel your whole face
is warm now you're ready for the actual
workout how about some tic-tac-toe say X
and then Oh flexing all your muscles
around the lips and in the cheeks this
exercise tightens and tones both
vertical and horizontal facial muscles
root like that you got to do 15 reps of
both the X's and the O's the next
exercise targets your chubby cheeks all
you have to do is close your eyes real
tight hold them like this for 10 seconds
then have a 10 second pause if you're
doing it right you'll feel the tension
in your cheek muscles repeat it five
times
coming up next the mouthwash exercise
it'll help you lose that double chin get
some air in your mouth and move it from
side to side like you're using mouth
wide see keep it going for 30 seconds
moving on
kiss the ceiling exercise makes your jaw
line more tone and your skin neck
tighter tilt your head back and push
your lip forward you should feel the
stretch under your chin hold it for 15
seconds bring your head back to the
neutral position and relax the muscles
make three reps the most creative
exercise today is writing in the air sit
up straight and hold a pencil with your
mouth now try to write something in the
air it could be anything
Brightside for example your head should
be perfectly still only your mouth is
moving
to keep your whole face more elastic
pretend you are a fish cheeks go in lips
go up tilt your head back hold for three
seconds and let go
ticket one level up try to smile with
the fish face on 15 wraps we'll do it
now the best thing about these exercises
is that you can do them while showering
or on your way to work you can do the
whole set at once or throughout the day
to make the whole process even more
effective you should also try out some
tips the latest craze and transform your
face techniques is mewing it has nothing
to do with cats and was named after the
person who made it famous your tongue
can also have a bad posture that's one
of the reasons your face might look
chubby to fix it you have to keep your
tongue again tail roof of your mouth
while you aren't cooking or eating
another reason you can look puffy in the
face is your body is holding in too much
water to avoid that you have to watch
how much salt and sugar you eat fast
food crackers chips canned vegetables
and soups shouldn't be on your table
often instead have some bananas avocados
oranges yogurt spinach whole grains and
spoil yourself with dark chocolate Oh
drink more water when your body doesn't
get enough liquid it feels like it
should make some supplies for the future
most of these supplies end up in your
cheeks or look like a trunk I said and
you look like a chipmunk
so get at least 64 ounces of water per
day to avoid that your face will never
look slim and toned if your body doesn't
so try some cardio to lose extra fat
faster physical activities like running
walking cycling and swimming increase
your heart rate and speed up your
makeover 20 to 40 minutes per day should
be enough if you do cardio at the gym
you can also do weights afterwards for a
stronger effect even if you don't have a
double chin slouching makes you look as
if you do
so walk with confidence keep your head
up your belly in and your chest out
imagine you have a quarter on your upper
chest that you don't want to drop we're
black it's the color most people
associate with confidence and
professionalism most importantly it
creates a slimming illusion and makes
your face look more angular go for a
v-neck or a Henley choose your hairstyle
wisely up for a structured one that's a
bit longer on the top sideburns are a
great addition to it they make your face
look longer and more defined you can
experiment with different kinds of
sideburns for example they can be not
straight but follow the contour of your
jaw a beard is your new best friend
higher it makes you look more masculine
and your jawline more powerful never
shave it off too high under the neck
though it'll make your face look
chubbier and the most important thing
keep it properly trimmed take care of
your eyebrows
they shouldn't be super thin but keep
them clean and symmetrical this way
they'll add structure and all the right
accents to your face get more sleep it's
a great helper in losing extra fat when
you don't have at least 7 hours of sleep
per night your stress hormone levels go
up they wake your appetite up and mess
up your metabolism so go to bed early
and put all the gadgets away for at
least 30 minutes before you doze off but
the easiest way to say goodbye to face
fat as soon as possible is smiling it
activates and tones most of your facial
muscles and stretches your cheek muscles
it's also a sure way to keep yourself
happy do an unlimited number of
repetitions of this super effective
exercise every day see I'm happy really
[Music]